Now that we've put together this kind of demonstration root handler inside of our current user file,
we're going to make one or two small changes to it and then duplicate the setup to the other three route
handling files that we already put together.
The first thing I'm going to do is add in the arguments to the callback function.
So rec and rez.
And then inside of here, I'm going to put together the same implementation we had a little bit ago.
So I'll do a resend of Hi there.
Like so.
Okay.
So let's now take this configuration or this code.
We're going to copy, paste it over to a sign in, sign out and sign up.
We'll then change some of the different routes just to make sure that they all correspond to different
routes that we had specified over in this diagram.
So I'm going to take everything inside of here.
I'm going to copy it.
I'm going to go first to sign in and paste it and then save.
I'll go to sign out and paste and then save.
And then I'll go to sign up and paste and save.
I'm then going to close current user, I'm going to close indexes and we're going to update, sign in,
sign out and sign up one by one.
And each of these we're just going to make sure that they have the appropriate routes and the appropriate
method as well.
So I'm going to first begin inside of CNN.
Inside of here.
I'm going to change the route to.
API users sign in.
I'll change the method to be opposed.
And then I'll change the name of the router down here at the bottom as well.
I'll change that to sign in router.
I'll then save this file and close it.
Next up is sign out.
So inside of sign out, we will change this to a post request to API users sign out.
So we'll take it to a post API users sign out.
And then finally, I'm going to update the name of the router at the bottom.
So sign out router.
And then finally over to sign up.
So this one should be a post request to API users.
Sign up.
So a post your API users sign up.
And then very similarly, I will update the name of the router at the bottom as well.
So sign up router.
All right.
So we've got a little bit of scaffolding put together for all four of these files.
Let's now go in, associate each of these different routers with our express application back inside
the index file.
So back over here.
Right after our current user router import, I'll add in an import for sign in router.
From Roots sign in.
Then sign out router.
And finally sign up router.
I'll then make sure that I associate each of those routers with our express application right after
the current user, one that we put together down there.
So we'll do an app, use sign in router and use sign out router.
And an obtuse.
Sign up router.
We're going to be doing a lot of steps like what we just did between the last video and this one.
Throughout the rest of this application where we create a set of files together and then put some similar
scaffolding into each of them.
The reason for this is that a lot of the code that we're going to end up writing is going to be unfortunately
a little bit similar to each other, I suppose.
I want to make sure that we save as much as time as possible, because honestly, we have a incredible,
really an incredible amount of code to write for this application way more than you would ever expect.
I just want to make sure that this all gets together in a very formulaic fashion with as few mistakes
and typos as possible.
And that's really easy to do if we just go through and kind of scaffold all this stuff in one go.
So it's looks pretty good.
Quick pause right here.
Continue in just a minute.